TGEFB_Start,,LOCALIZATION,,START,,,,,

atttgefb,progression,Attribute,New,"TGEFB",,,,,
attTGEFBName,progression,Attribute,New,"Attribute: To Go Even Further Beyond",,,,,
attTGEFBDesc,progression,Attribute,New,"Through hard work and dedication, you'll be able to slowly train up yourself to near superhuman levels.",,,,,

attTGEFBRankDesc,progression,Attribute,New,"The potential of your human body has been unlocked.",,,,,


skillTGEFBStreetSmarts,progression,Skill,New,"Street Smarts",,,,,
skillTGEFBStreetSmartsName,progression,Skill,New,"Street Smarts",,,,,
skillTGEFBStreetSmartsDesc,progression,Skill,New,"Being a pro at shape and hole games as a toddler, you've got a good head on your shoulders. Some things just make sense.",,,,,

skillTGEFBHittingTheGym,progression,Skill,New,"Hitting The Gym",,,,,
skillTGEFBHittingTheGymName,progression,Skill,New,"Hitting The Gym",,,,,
skillTGEFBHittingTheGymDesc,progression,Skill,New,"Hit the gym bro. Nice biceps bro. Watch me bench 1 ton bro.",,,,,

skillTGEFBMeditation,progression,Skill,New,"Meditation",,,,,
skillTGEFBMeditationName,progression,Skill,New,"Meditation",,,,,
skillTGEFBMeditationDesc,progression,Skill,New,"Before the zombie apocalypse, you saw some monks on tv meditating and claiming it gave them superhuman abilities. Worth a shot I guess.",,,,,


perkTGEFBStreetSmartsResourceGatherBonus,progression,Perk,New,"Resource Gather",,,,,
perkTGEFBStreetSmartsResourceGatherBonusName,progression,Perk,New,"Resource Gather",,,,,
perkTGEFBStreetSmartsResourceGatherBonusDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Finding the best places to hit things to minimize resource wastage, you're able to gather more resources.",,,,,

perkTGEFBStreetSmartsResourceGatherBonusRankDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Increase All Resources Gathered by 5%.",,,,,

perkTGEFBStreetSmartsLootBonus,progression,Perk,New,"Loot Bonus",,,,,
perkTGEFBStreetSmartsLootBonusName,progression,Perk,New,"Loot Bonus",,,,,
perkTGEFBStreetSmartsLootBonusDesc,progression,Perk,New,"You once found $2.41 in change inside your couch. You've definitely got a knack for this.",,,,,

perkTGEFBStreetSmartsLootBonusRankDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Increase Loot Bonus by 10.",,,,,

perkTGEFBStreetSmartsLootSpeed,progression,Perk,New,"Loot Speed",,,,,
perkTGEFBStreetSmartsLootSpeedName,progression,Perk,New,"Loot Speed",,,,,
perkTGEFBStreetSmartsLootSpeedDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Years of being the first person to get gum from that one kid in class who mistakenly showed that he had gum has trained you for this.",,,,,

perkTGEFBStreetSmartsLootSpeedRankDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Increase Loot Speed by 1.5%.",,,,,

perkTGEFBStreetSmartsSneakEffectiveness,progression,Perk,New,"Sneak Effectiveness",,,,,
perkTGEFBStreetSmartsSneakEffectivenessName,progression,Perk,New,"Sneak Effectiveness",,,,,
perkTGEFBStreetSmartsSneakEffectivenessDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Way of the ninja isn't tattooed on your forehead for nothing.",,,,,

perkTGEFBStreetSmartsSneakEffectivenessRankDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Increase Hiding Effectiveness by 2%. Reduce Noise from Actions by 1.5%.",,,,,

perkTGEFBStreetSmartsSneakSpeed,progression,Perk,New,"Sneak Speed",,,,,
perkTGEFBStreetSmartsSneakSpeedName,progression,Perk,New,"Sneak Speed",,,,,
perkTGEFBStreetSmartsSneakSpeedDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Going in sneaky beaky like.",,,,,

perkTGEFBStreetSmartsSneakSpeedRankDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Increase Sneaking Movement Speed by 2%.",,,,,

perkTGEFBStreetSmartsGunDamage,progression,Perk,New,"Gun Damage",,,,,
perkTGEFBStreetSmartsGunDamageName,progression,Perk,New,"Gun Damage",,,,,
perkTGEFBStreetSmartsGunDamageDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Hit things in their weak spots. Now that's alot of damage.",,,,,

perkTGEFBStreetSmartsGunDamageRankDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Increase Gun Damage by 2.5%.",,,,,

perkTGEFBStreetSmartsMagazineIncrease,progression,Perk,New,"Magazine Size",,,,,
perkTGEFBStreetSmartsMagazineIncreaseName,progression,Perk,New,"Magazine Size",,,,,
perkTGEFBStreetSmartsMagazineIncreaseDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Just shove more ammo into the magazine, what could go wrong?",,,,,

perkTGEFBStreetSmartsMagazineIncreaseRankDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Increase Magazine Size of ranged weapons by 4%.",,,,,

perkTGEFBHittingTheGymMeleeAttackSpeed,progression,Perk,New,"Melee Attack Speed",,,,,
perkTGEFBHittingTheGymMeleeAttackSpeedName,progression,Perk,New,"Melee Attack Speed",,,,,
perkTGEFBHittingTheGymMeleeAttackSpeedDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Channel your inner Ip Man.",,,,,

perkTGEFBHittingTheGymMeleeAttackSpeedRankDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Increase Melee Attack Speed by 2.5%.",,,,,

perkTGEFBHittingTheGymMeleeDamage,progression,Perk,New,"Melee Damage",,,,,
perkTGEFBHittingTheGymMeleeDamageName,progression,Perk,New,"Melee Damage",,,,,
perkTGEFBHittingTheGymMeleeDamageDesc,progression,Perk,New,"100 push-ups, 100 sit-ups, 100 squats, and a 10km run. Every. Single. Day.",,,,,

perkTGEFBHittingTheGymMeleeDamageRankDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Increase Melee Damage by 2.5%.",,,,,

perkTGEFBHittingTheGymBowDamage,progression,Perk,New,"Bow Damage",,,,,
perkTGEFBHittingTheGymBowDamageName,progression,Perk,New,"Bow Damage",,,,,
perkTGEFBHittingTheGymBowDamageDesc,progression,Perk,New,"The harder and stronger you can pull back the bow string, the more damage a bow does, right?",,,,,

perkTGEFBHittingTheGymBowDamageRankDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Increase Bow Damage by 2.5%.",,,,,

perkTGEFBHittingTheGymRunSpeed,progression,Perk,New,"Run Speed",,,,,
perkTGEFBHittingTheGymRunSpeedName,progression,Perk,New,"Run Speed",,,,,
perkTGEFBHittingTheGymRunSpeedDesc,progression,Perk,New,"I will walk 500 hundred miles and I would walk 500 more.",,,,,

perkTGEFBHittingTheGymRunSpeedRankDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Increase Movement Speed by 1%.",,,,,

perkTGEFBHittingTheGymJumpHeight,progression,Perk,New,"Jump Height",,,,,
perkTGEFBHittingTheGymJumpHeightName,progression,Perk,New,"Jump Height Increase",,,,,
perkTGEFBHittingTheGymJumpHeightDesc,progression,Perk,New,"2003 Hulk would be proud.",,,,,

perkTGEFBHittingTheGymJumpHeightRankDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Increase Jump Height by 0.05 units.",,,,,

perkTGEFBHittingTheGymInShape,progression,Perk,New,"Stamina Regen",,,,,
perkTGEFBHittingTheGymInShapeName,progression,Perk,New,"Stamina Regen",,,,,
perkTGEFBHittingTheGymInShapeDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Keep on running and see if those pesky zombies can keep up.",,,,,

perkTGEFBHittingTheGymInShapeRankDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Increase Stamina Regen by 0.5/s.",,,,,

perkTGEFBMeditationDismember,progression,Perk,New,"Dismemberment Chance",,,,,
perkTGEFBMeditationDismemberName,progression,Perk,New,"Dismemberment Chance",,,,,
perkTGEFBMeditationDismemberDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Omae Wa Mou Shindeiru.",,,,,

perkTGEFBMeditationDismemberRankDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Increase Chance to Dismember Enemy Body Parts by 1%.",,,,,

perkTGEFBMeditationMeleeRange,progression,Perk,New,"Melee Range",,,,,
perkTGEFBMeditationMeleeRangeName,progression,Perk,New,"Melee Range",,,,,
perkTGEFBMeditationMeleeRangeDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Finally the Zombie Apocalypse has given you a chance to show off the Buddhist Pam Style you mastered as a child. That manual you bought with your candy money really paid off.",,,,,

perkTGEFBMeditationMeleeRangeRankDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Increase Melee Attack Range by 2%.",,,,,

perkTGEFBMeditationTaiChi,progression,Perk,New,"Tai Chi",,,,,
perkTGEFBMeditationTaiChiName,progression,Perk,New,"Tai Chi",,,,,
perkTGEFBMeditationTaiChiDesc,progression,Perk,New,"You read a book on Tai Chi and you're not sure if you're doing it right, but you feel less hungry and thirsty as you practice.",,,,,

perkTGEFBMeditationTaiChiRankDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Reduce Water and Food Consumption Rate by 2%.",,,,,

perkTGEFBMeditationHeatResist,progression,Perk,New,"Heat Resist",,,,,
perkTGEFBMeditationHeatResistName,progression,Perk,New,"Heat Resist",,,,,
perkTGEFBMeditationHeatResistDesc,progression,Perk,New,"No air conditioning in the apocalypse has been a bummer. At least you're getting used to the heat.",,,,,

perkTGEFBMeditationHeatResistRankDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Increase Heat Resist by 2.",,,,,

perkTGEFBMeditationColdResist,progression,Perk,New,"Cold Resist",,,,,
perkTGEFBMeditationColdResistName,progression,Perk,New,"Cold Resist",,,,,
perkTGEFBMeditationColdResistDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Homelessness due to zombies taking over your house has caused you to sleep outside for a while. The cold doesn't bother you anyway.",,,,,

perkTGEFBMeditationColdResistRankDesc,progression,Perk,New,"Increase Cold Resist by 2.",,,,,


reqTGEFBLevel,progression,Attribute,New,TGEFB Level 1,,,,,

TGEFB_End,,LOCALIZATION,,END,,,,,
